You are talking nonsense
You framed me
Mr. Chen, this is the truest look of your green tea sister.
To tell you the truth, he sold his body to cheat investments for so many years
In fact, I have already contracted a dirty disease.
You have a disease
Bitch, how dare you hurt me
You have to take the bait yourself?
You have a wife who can't control your lower body?
I'll tell you the truth. Why is your company in the red?
It's because I transferred assets
White fall, white wind and rain day and night to study the formula for you and make money for you
Too bad you are blind
I have to divorce him
Now nothing.
It's always because you're stupid
You deserve it, haha.
Oh, come on.
Wife wife sorry
It is my ignorance that makes the greatest contribution
Wife, wife, do I think you are ignoring me?
Wife don't touch
My heart
Do you love me the most?
Who am I going home with?
Wife, wife, look at my wife, look at my wife, I listen to you the most, why is my wife ignoring me?
When we were together
You say you want to start a business
I take into account your self-esteem
So you are everything I don't like
I Love You
How did you ruin me?
Then you don't want me to leave
You wait for me you wait for me
Senior sister wishes us a better life in the future
Happy cooperation
Boss scum and green tea had a car accident on the way to escape
Let's go and discuss the product details in detail.